Chapter_02/README.md, before:

# Chapter 2 The Network

##### 01 TCP Client
Simple TCP Socket connect. Minimal change needed, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 02 UDP Client
Simple UDP Socket connect. Minimal change needed, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 03 TCP Server
Simple TCP listener and acceptor. Minimal changs, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 04 Netcat
Python conversion of NetCat. More or less a complete overhaul in port. Classful conversion, 
additional options for clarity in file upload/execution, settable timeout, enforced explicit 
client/listening state flags, custom errors to enable safe client disconnect and remote server 
shutdown, funnel functions for consistency in sending, receiving, and string to binary conversion, 
behind the scenes work on loops and general logic (Original script was more of a quick cookbook)

Note: Ambitions demand me to partition this 500 line package into a proper module, but doing so 
exceeds scope and discards single file footprint. It is the author's desire to move on to the next 
module 

##### 05 TCP Proxy
Basic foundation for a TCP proxy
Rewrote hexdump function to take advantage of 3's codecs libraries.
Implemented deliteralizer function to ensure string literals are hexdumped, but stdout normally 
Imported static send/receive data funnel functions from previous module, enforced args 
(Because constant incremental improvements for life) 

##### 06 SSH With Paramiko
```
pip install paramiko
```
Basic SSH command sender, using SSHv2 API Paramiko.
Of note is the reusability of our centralized send/receive data functions implemented in 04 with 
a paramiko ssh session (from client.get_transport().open_session()).

##### 07 Custom SSH client/server
Enhanced implementation of 04 Netcat object.

Commit message:

Readme writeup for 07. Placeholder notes for 08 (see need for Paramiko update)

Chapter_02/README.md, after:

# Chapter 2 The Network

##### 01 TCP Client
Simple TCP Socket connect. Minimal change needed, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 02 UDP Client
Simple UDP Socket connect. Minimal change needed, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 03 TCP Server
Simple TCP listener and acceptor. Minimal changs, mostly binary strings for socket

##### 04 Netcat
Python conversion of NetCat. More or less a complete overhaul in port
 - Classful conversion
 - additional options and args for clarity in file upload/execution 
 - enforced explicit Server/Client state flags
 - custom errors to enable safe client disconnect and remote server shutdown, 
 - funnel functions for consistency in sending, receiving, and string to binary conversion, 
 - behind the scenes work on loops and general logic (Original script was more of a quick cookbook)

Note: Ambitions demand me to partition this 500 line package into a proper module, but doing so 
exceeds scope and discards single file footprint. It is the author's desire to move on to the next 
module 

##### 05 TCP Proxy
Basic foundation for a TCP proxy
 - Rewrote hexdump function to take advantage of 3's codecs libraries.
 - Implemented deliteralizer function to ensure string literals are hexdumped, but stdout normally 
 - Imported static send/receive data funnel functions from previous module, enforced args (Because 
 constant incremental improvements are life) 

##### 06 SSH With Paramiko
```
pip install paramiko
```
Basic SSH command sender, using SSHv2 API Paramiko.
 - Of note is the reusability of our centralized send/receive data functions implemented in 04 with 
a paramiko ssh session (from client.get_transport().open_session()).

##### 07 Custom SSH client/server
Enhanced implementation of 04 Netcat object, using Paramiko API, while also offering a chance for
some revisions to the underlying structure. 
 - Ported helper functions into separate class.
 - Ported all class attributes into dataclass-like, with incorporated getopt parsing for standalone 
functionality
 - Split Server and Client functions into child classes
 
Note: as of this writing (2019-03-19) Paramiko is relying on depreciated crypto objects. While a
working unofficial patch exists (https://gist.github.com/vkobel/52d795920aacd74afb4db15a89c39b8b) 
merging this patch exclusively for this project is a rabbit hole I'm not looking to go down. Will
pick up on a new release 
  
##### 08 SSH Tunneling
2019-03-19 On hold until Paramiko patches
